Clarify GUILD_MEMBER_ADD behavior (#8337)
discord/discord-api-docs: developers/events/gateway-events.mdx

If using [Gateway Intents](/developers/events/gateway#gateway-intents), the `GUILD_MEMBERS` intent will be required to receive this event.
</Warning>

> Sent when a user joins a guild. This event can be sent when the user is already a member of the guild. The inner payload is a [guild member](/developers/resources/guild#guild-member-object) object with an extra `guild_id` key:

Reviewer: (non blocking phrasing nit):

```suggestion
Sent when a user joins a guild. This event may also be sent for users who are already members of the guild. The inner payload is a [guild member](/developers/resources/guild#guild-member-object) object with an extra `guild_id` key:
```

If using [Gateway Intents](/developers/events/gateway#gateway-intents), the `GUILD_MEMBERS` intent will be required to receive this event.
</Warning>

> Sent when a user joins a guild. The inner payload is a [guild member](/developers/resources/guild#guild-member-object) object with an extra `guild_id` key:

Reviewer 2: the trailing `:` prob doesn't make as much sense here anymore

also is there any context you can share on how often this (member add for already present) could occur and for what reason

Reviewer 3: I can help peek under the hood a little and give the case that motivated this docs change.

In our backend, we can have an inconsistency between "guild thinks this user is a member" and "user thinks we are member of this guilds". In the scenario where the guild thinks the user is a member, but the user does not, we chose to reprocess the guild join for this user to remediate. A second `GUILD_MEMBER_ADD` is dispatched as part of the reprocessing.

Reviewer 4: > I can help peek under the hood a little and give the case that motivated this docs change.
> 
> In our backend, we can have an inconsistency between "guild thinks this user is a member" and "user thinks we are member of this guilds". In the scenario where the guild thinks the user is a member, but the user does not, we chose to reprocess the guild join for this user to remediate. A second `GUILD_MEMBER_ADD` is dispatched as part of the reprocessing.

That is, this will not happen to those users who have been on the server for, say, more than a month?

Author: There is no guarantee that older members are less at risk of this happening.
